in the past couple of months we've seen
an onslaught of new wearable technology
products we went from Google glass being
one-of-a-kind in a world of smartphones
and tablets to having lineups of
smartwatches from Samsung pebble
Motorola LG Qualcomm and all of the
others so wearables are becoming more
and more common today let's take a look
at just how useful they can be in
everyday situations so let's start with
Google glass the device that started the
wave of wearables fortunately my friend
Eric here owns a pair which I'm wearing
right now Eric is a network engineer a
programmer and a musician and you can
check out his website linked in the
description in the car the most useful
function of glass and my experience is
navigation glass connects to your phone
via bluetooth and uses it to get its
location and data to plan your route it
turns on the screen only when alerting
you of a turn or a change in direction
that way it's a lot less distracting
than a mounted GPS might be glasses
functionality doesn't stop there you can
send and receive texts control and
listen to music browse the web check
your schedule play some games or even
call your context it only supports 10
contacts being the developer edition but
it also has a camera that takes 5
megapixel pictures and record 720p video
here are a few examples ok glass take a
picture
glasses a lot of uses and although it
may not seem like much remember it's a
brand new technology and it's apt base
isn't nearly as large as the App Store
or the Google Play Store it's well
designed and fairly comfortable but with
its lack of a decent battery life and
$1500 price tag
I wouldn't recommend picking one up just
yet with some price reduction and more
development in the App department glass
could be the wearable technology that
we've been waiting for but I don't think
it's ready just yet but wearables have
come far from just glasses
we now have tons of SmartWatch options
including some from pebble which Eric
also happens to have this is the pebble
smartwatch well it doesn't take pictures
or play music it does direct you in
traffic show your SMS notifications
emails and even calendar events you can
control the music coming from your
smartphone and even answer phone calls
though it has no microphone or speaker
the average battery life in my
experience is anywhere from four to six
days and an easily charges in just two
to three hours well siliceous now
wearables still have a ways to go before
they become everyday accessories but
we've already see some vast improvement
in just a few short years so for the
future I think wearables are gonna
become a really big deal